Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#4996)
Expensify/App: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you've found a vulnerability, please email security@expensify.com with the subject `Vulnerability Report` instead of creating an issue.

## Payment for Contributions

> We hire and pay external contributors via Upwork.com. If you'd like to be paid for contributing, please create an Upwork account and apply for a job in the [Upwork issue list](https://www.upwork.com/ab/jobs/search/?q=Expensify%20React%20Native&sort=recency&user_location_match=2). If you think your compensation should be increased for a specific job, you can request a reevaluation by commenting in the Github issue where the Upwork job was posted. Payment for your contributions will be made no less than 7 days after the pull request is deployed to production to allow for regression testing. We hire one contributor for each Upwork job. New contributors are limited to working on one job at a time, however experienced contributors may work on numerous jobs simultaneously. If you have not received payment after 8 days of the PR being deployed to production, please email contributors@expensify.com referencing the GH issue and your GH handle.

Reviewer: I noticed you deleted the sentence `We hire one contributor for each Upwork job.`, I assume this is because we now may "technically" hire 2 contributors for one job - if one contributor reported the issue and a second contributor fixed the issue, is that correct? If so, I still think it's fine to keep this sentence, or maybe clarify like this: `We hire one contributor to work on each Upwork job.`

Author: Yeah, I removed cuz we'll technically be hiring multiple because of the need to pay the proposer.  If you think it's helpful to have `We hire one contributor to work on each Upwork job.` in there, please add it back.

Reviewer: Hmm I think it's find without that sentence actually 👍

Payment for your contributions will be made no less than 7 days after the pull request is deployed to production to allow for regression testing. If a regression occurs, payment will be issued 7 days after all regressions are fixed. If you have not received payment after 8 days of the PR being deployed to production and there being no regressions, please email contributors@expensify.com referencing the GH issue and your GH handle. 

New contributors are limited to working on one job at a time, however experienced contributors may work on numerous jobs simultaneously. 

## Finding Jobs
There are two ways you can find a job that you can contribute to:

#### Finding a job that Expensify posted

> This is the most common scenario for contributors. The Expensify team posts new jobs to the Upwork job list [here](https://www.upwork.com/ab/jobs/search/?q=Expensify%20React%20Native&sort=recency&user_location_match=2). Each job in Upwork has a corresponding GitHub issue, which will include instructions to follow. You can also view [open issues in GitHub with the `Help Wanted` label.](https://github.com/Expensify/App/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Help+Wanted%22) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the most common scenario for contributors. The Expensify team posts new jobs to the Upwork job list [here](https://www.upwork.com/ab/jobs/search/?q=Expensify%20React%20Native&sort=recency&user_location_match=2). Each job in Upwork has a corresponding GitHub issue, which will include instructions to follow. You can also view open jobs by searching for issues in GitHub with the [`Help Wanted` label](https://github.com/Expensify/App/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Help+Wanted%22).
```

Author: I'm 👍 for the suggestion, do I Commit suggestion > commit changes if so?  New to this...

Reviewer 2: Yep, that's the correct process to go through @mallenexpensify

#### Proposing a job that Expensify hasn’t posted

> In this scenario, it’s possible that you found a bug or enhancement that we haven’t posted to the [Upwork job list](https://www.upwork.com/ab/jobs/search/?q=Expensify%20React%20Native&sort=recency&user_location_match=2) or [Github repository](https://github.com/Expensify/App/issues?q=is%3Aissue). This is an opportunity to propose a job, and (optionally) a solution. If it's a valid job proposal that we choose to implement — either internally or via an external contributor — then we will compensate you $250 for identifying and proposing the improvement. Note: If your solution is also merged, this $250 is *in addition to* the price you will be paid for completing the job. 

Reviewer: How about making this additional edit here?

```suggestion
In this scenario, it’s possible that you found a bug or enhancement that we haven’t posted to the [Upwork job list](https://www.upwork.com/ab/jobs/search/?q=Expensify%20React%20Native&sort=recency&user_location_match=2) or [Github repository](https://github.com/Expensify/App/issues?q=is%3Aissue). This is an opportunity to propose a job, and (optionally) a solution. If it's a valid job proposal that we choose to implement — either internally or via an external contributor — then we will compensate you $250 for identifying and proposing the improvement. Note: If you get assigned the job you proposed you complete the job, this $250 for identifying the improvement is *in addition to* the reward you will be paid for completing the job.
```

Author: If you get assigned the job you proposed **and** you complete the job,
Think an 'and' needs to be added

Reviewer: Updated - good catch!

Reviewer: Resolving as this is outdated

> In this scenario, it’s possible that you found a bug or enhancement that we haven’t posted to the [Upwork job list](https://www.upwork.com/ab/jobs/search/?q=Expensify%20React%20Native&sort=recency&user_location_match=2) or [Github repository](https://github.com/Expensify/App/issues?q=is%3Aissue). This is an opportunity to propose a job, and (optionally) a solution. If it's a valid job proposal that we choose to implement — either internally or via an external contributor — then we will compensate you $250 for identifying and proposing the improvement. Note: If your solution is also merged, we will pay a $250 bonus for fixing the bug/enhancement. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this scenario, it’s possible that you found a bug or enhancement that we haven’t posted to the [Upwork job list](https://www.upwork.com/ab/jobs/search/?q=Expensify%20React%20Native&sort=recency&user_location_match=2) or [Github repository](https://github.com/Expensify/App/issues?q=is%3Aissue). This is an opportunity to propose a job, and (optionally) a solution. If it's a valid job proposal that we choose to implement — either internally or via an external contributor — then we will compensate you $250 for identifying and proposing the improvement. Note: If you get assigned the job you proposed **and** you complete the job, this $250 for identifying the improvement is *in addition to* the reward you will be paid for completing the job.
```

1. Check to ensure an issue does not already exist in the [New Expensify Issue list](https://github.com/Expensify/App/issues) or [Upwork job list](https://www.upwork.com/ab/jobs/search/?q=Expensify%20React%20Native&sort=recency&user_location_match=2). Please use your best judgement to search for similar titles and issue descriptions.
2. If your bug or enhancement matches an existing issue, please feel free to comment on that GitHub issue with your findings if you think it will help solve a problem.

> 3. If there is no existing GitHub issue or Upwork job, report the issues in the #expensify-open-source Slack channel, prefix the post with `BUG:` or `Feature Request:`. Include all relevant data, screenshots and examples in the post or thread.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion

```suggestion
3. If there is no existing GitHub issue or Upwork job, report the issue(s) in the [#expensify-open-source](https://github.com/Expensify/App/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#asking-questions) Slack channel, prefixed with `BUG:` or `Feature Request:`. Include all relevant data, screenshots and examples in the post or thread.
```

Author: 👍

4. After review in #expensify-open-source, if we choose to implement your proposal, a GitHub issue will be created and your Slack handle will be included in the original post after `Issue reported by:`

> 5. If an external contributor is hired in Upwork to work on the issue, you will also be hired for the same job. No additional work is needed. If the issue is fixed internally, a dedicated job will be created to hire and pay after the issue is fixed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If an external contributor other than yourself is hired to work on the issue, you will also be hired for the same job in Upwork. No additional work is needed. If the issue is fixed internally, a dedicated job will be created to hire and pay you after the issue is fixed. 
```

Author: 👍

> 6. Payment will be made 7 days after code is deployed to production if there are no regressions. If a regression occurs, payment will be issued 7 days after all regressions are fixed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Payment will be made 7 days after code is deployed to production if there are no regressions. If a regression is discovered, payment will be issued 7 days after all regressions are fixed. 
```

Author: 👍
